MPS Accelerator (#13123)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-pytorch/accelerators/mps_basic.rst

:orphan:

.. _mps_basic:

MPS training (basic)
====================
**Audience:** Users looking to train on their Apple silicon GPUs.

.. warning::

>    The MPS accelerator as well as the PyTorch backend are still very experimental.
>    So far not all operations are supported, but more ops are coming every day due to development from the PyTorch Team.
>    You can use ``PYTORCH_ENABLE_MPS_FALLBACK=1 python your_script.py`` to fall back to cpu for unsupported operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Both the MPS accelerator and the PyTorch backend are still experimental.
   As such, not all operations are currently supported. However, with ongoing development from the PyTorch team, an increasingly large number of operations are becoming available.
   You can use ``PYTORCH_ENABLE_MPS_FALLBACK=1 python your_script.py`` to fall back to cpu for unsupported operations.
```

----

What is Apple silicon?
----------------------
Apple silicon chips are a unified system on a chip (SoC) developed by Apple based on the ARM design.

> Among other things, they feature a CPU-cores, GPU-cores, a neural engine and shared memory between all of those.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among other things, they feature CPU-cores, GPU-cores, a neural engine and shared memory between all of these features.

```

----

So it's a CPU?
--------------

> Among other things yes, it includes CPU-cores. However, when running on the ``CPUAccelerator``, not the full potential of hardware acceleration the M-Socs are capable of, is used because they also feature a GPU and a neural engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apple silicon includes CPU-cores among several other features. However, the full potential for the hardware acceleration of which the M-Socs are capable is unavailable when running on the ``CPUAccelerator``. This is because they also feature a GPU and a neural engine.
```
